it has recently become evident that craf is essential for the onset of kras - driven non - small cell lung cancer .
it has recently become evident that craf is unimportant for the onset of kras - driven non - small cell lung cancer .
recently , it has been reported that abt - 737 is not cytotoxic to all tumors cells , and that chemoresistance to abt - 737 is dependent on appreciable levels of mcl - 1 expression , the one bcl - 2 family member it does not effectively inhibit .
recently , it has been reported that abt - 737 is not nontoxic to all tumors cells , and that chemoresistance to abt - 737 is dependent on appreciable levels of mcl - 1 expression , the one bcl - 2 family member it does not effectively inhibit .
it has also been recently reported that mutations of the isocitrate dehydrogenase genes idh1 and idh2 can lead to the aberrant production of 2 - hydroxyglutarate ( 2 - hg ) , a metabolite that inhibits tet2 enzymatic activity , resulting in a hypermethylated promoter phenotype in acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ) tumors carrying idh1/2 mutations .
it has also been recently reported that mutations of the isocitrate dehydrogenase genes idh1 and idh2 can lead to the aberrant production of 2 - hydroxyglutarate ( 2 - hg ) , a metabolite that inducts tet2 enzymatic activity , resulting in a hypermethylated promoter phenotype in acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ) tumors carrying idh1/2 mutations .
two recent studies used rnai - mediated tet2 knock - down in vitro to suggest that tet2 depletion led to impaired hematopoietic differentiation and to preferential myeloid commitment .
two recent studies used rnai - mediated tet2 knock - down in vitro to suggest that tet2 depletion led to enhanced hematopoietic differentiation and to preferential myeloid commitment .
when expressed alone in primary cells however , oncogenic ras induces premature senescence , a putative tumour suppressor mechanism to protect from uncontrolled proliferation .
when expressed alone in primary cells however , oncogenic ras inhibits premature senescence , a putative tumour suppressor mechanism to protect from uncontrolled proliferation .
as a serine/threonine protein kinase , akt functions by phosphorylating key intermediate signaling molecules , leading to increased cell metabolism , cell growth , cell survival , and cell invasiveness  -  -  all hallmarks of cancer .
as a serine/threonine protein kinase , akt functions by dephosphorylating key intermediate signaling molecules , leading to decreased cell metabolism , cell growth , cell survival , and cell invasiveness  -  -  all hallmarks of cancer .
the phenomena of neoplastic development and neoplastic transformation , whether they occur in vivo or in vitro , are thought to represent the accumulation of a series of genetic and epigenetic alterations that disrupt the normal processes of cell division and tissue integrity .
the phenomena of neoplastic development and neoplastic transformation , whether they occur in vivo or in vitro , are thought to represent the accumulation of a series of genetic and epigenetic alterations that mend the normal processes of cell division and tissue integrity .